hi everybody i'm kristina jackson
holistic health coach and natural food
chef whether you've caught our other
videos are just joining us for the first
time today we're making our healthy skin
tonic now this is a great young youthful
beautifier what you're gonna need for
this specific drink is three organic
celery sticks and half a cup of organic
grapes go ahead and keep the skins on
the grapes we want a half a cup of
blueberries and a half a cup of organic
strawberries
I recommend purchasing organic and using
organic ingredients because we are gonna
be putting them in just like this
throwing them in the juicer and the
juicer will do the work the reason why
we're doing that is because a lot of the
nutrients that lie in the outer layers
of these ingredients so we don't want to
miss that alright let's get it started
I'm gonna put in my blueberries first
they have a low water content so I'm
gonna put those in first so all the
other ingredients can help push that
blueberry juice through so we don't miss
any of those great nutrients in there
next I'm going to add the strawberries
and then the grapes so these ingredients
are super high and antioxidants and they
are going to help rejuvenate our skin
what they do is fight free radicals and
help oxygen eyes ourselves and our
largest organ is our skin so we want to
make sure everything inside of our body
is clean and healthy so we have
beautiful glowing youthful looking skin
and this is going to be a great little
juice for you to just make as a snack or
take on the go all right this is looking
delicious I'm going to turn that off and
just tilt the Machine a little bit so we
don't waste any of that juice okay great
so this here as I mentioned is packed
with vitamins and minerals and nutrients
vitamins B and C and beta-carotene and a
ton of antioxidants so in order to best
absorb those ingredients we're gonna
want to drink it within 20 minutes
because these are all live enzymes here
we want to make sure we absorb that
quickly and get the benefits from this
juice so one thing I like to do is I
like to have my juice cocktail shaken
over some ice and poured out and strain
that way I'm not getting as much of the
frothiness it's just straight juice but
you can enjoy it either way it's
delicious either way if you must take it
on the go with you put it in a jar I
usually use a mason jar
make sure it's airtight and take it with
you and enjoy it on the road or pop it
in the refrigerator and make sure you
enjoy it within 24 hours
all right this is a gorgeous color
packed with vitamins and minerals
anti-oxidants
which is going to help keep us looking
young and healthy and vibrant and this
is your healthy skin tonic enjoy thanks
for watching be sure to catch all of our
other videos here and don't forget to
subscribe because that way we'll keep
you updated on all the other healthy
delicious videos we'll be putting out if
you have any requests for me or any
questions email me at request at Mahalo
com see you next time
you